Merge R1 into M10 and remove R1 (#32)
xsdk-project/xsdk-community-policies: package_policies/M10.md

**M10.** It is mandatory that each package have a **public repository**, for example at GitHub,
GitLab or Bitbucket, where the development version of the package is available. Recommend
supporting **pull requests**, which enables xSDK library developers  and users

> to provide improvements, bug fixes and interoperability fixes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to provide improvements, bug fixes and interoperability fixes.
```

> **M10.** It is mandatory that each package have a **public repository**, for example at GitHub or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**M10.** It is mandatory that each package have a **public repository**, for example at GitHub, GitLab or
```

Bitbucket, where the development version of the package is available. Support for taking **pull

> requests** is also recommended since this will ease greatly the effort for users to provide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requests** is also recommended since this will  greatly ease the effort for users to provide
```
This was the prior text - and I think more appropriate format..

Alternative:

```suggestion
requests** is also recommended since this will ease the effort for users to provide
```

> **pull requests** is also recommended since this will ease the effort for users to provide

Reviewer 2: Didn't we already merge the last sentence during the meeting? I suggest the following:
... recommended since this will ease the efforts among xSDK library development teams to improve interoperability and quickly provide bug fixes and also allow users to provide improvements to the packages.

Author: Updated.

> GitLab or Bitbucket, where the development version of the package is available. Support for taking
> **pull requests** is also recommended since this will ease the efforts among xSDK library
> development teams to improve interoperability and quickly provide bug fixes and also allow users
> to provide improvements to the packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitLab or Bitbucket, where the development version of the package is available. Recommend
supporting **pull requests**, which enables xSDK library developers  and users
to provide improvements, bug fixes and interoperability fixes. 
```

Reviewer 3: Either seems fine. If Satish's, I would edit slightly, replacing "this" with "which", to avoid the comma splice:
"... supporting pull requests, **which** enables ..."

Reviewer: Thanks! I edited/updated my suggested change.
